Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga: Implement New Game (#2754)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/mlss/docs/en_Mario & Luigi Superstar Saga.md

# Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga

> ## Where is the settings page?
> 
> The [player settings page for this game](../player-settings) contains all the options you need to configure and
> export a config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Where is the options page?

The [player options page for this game](../player-options) contains all the options you need to configure and
export a config file.
```
Player settings are now player options as of 0.4.4

## What does randomization do to this game?

Items which the player would normally acquire throughout the game have been moved around. Logic remains, so the game is
always able to be completed, but because of the item shuffle, the player may need to access certain areas before they
would in the vanilla game.

The game has been changed to an open-world style as opposed to the linear style the vanilla game has.

Other Features such as Turbo through textboxes (Hold L/R+A) and Pipe Warping from any room (Hold L+R+SELECT) have been added for convenience.

> Enemies and Bosses can be randomized, and there stats can scaled to feel more the vanilla games stats.

Reviewer 2: Typo "there" instead of "their"

Other aspects of the game can be randomized as well such as music, sounds, battle backgrounds, Mario and Luigis Colors, and more.

## What is the goal of Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga when randomized?

> Defeat Cackletta's Soul in Bowser's Castle. This requires you to collect all 4 beanstar pieces and restore the beanstar, as well as Peach's Extra Dress and the Fake beanstar, and bring them to Fawful at the end of Jokes End. This also requires Ultra Hammers, Thunder Hand and Green Pearl Bean, Fire Hand and Red Pearl Bean, Green Goblet, The Beanbean Brooch, All 3 Chuckola Fruits, Peasley's Rose, and either the Membership card or Red Goblet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defeat Cackletta's Soul in Bowser's Castle. This requires you to collect all 4 Beanstar Pieces, restore the Beanstar, and bring Peach's Extra Dress and the Fake Beanstar to Fawful at the end of Jokes End. 

In total, this requires:
- 4 Beanstar Pieces
- Peach's Extra Dress
- Fake Beanstar
- Ultra Hammers
- Fire Hand
- Thunder Hand
- Red Pearl Bean
- Green Pearl Bean
- Green Goblet
- Peasley's Rose
- Beanbean Brooch
- All 3 Chuckola Fruits
- Membership Card OR Red Goblet
```
This section was a bit tough to read when playing and trying to determine what I still need to complete the game. Here's a suggestion for how to better format this section.

> ## What items and locations get shuffled?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What items and locations can get shuffled?
```
Since not all of these locations must be shuffled.

Locations in which items can be found:
- All Item Blocks and Coin Blocks
- All Chuckle Bean digspots
- All Shop items
- All Pants and Badge shop items
- All Espresso brews and rewards
- All Minigame Rewards
- All Event based items

> Items that are shuffled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items that can be shuffled:
```
See above: Not all necessarily shuffled

- All consumable items (Mushrooms, Nuts, Syrups etc.)
- All Hoo Beans and Chuckle Beans
- All Badges and Pants
- All key items (Beanfruits, Beanbean Brooch, Hammers etc.)
- All Extra Gears (Great Force, Gameboy Horror SP etc.)

> ## Which items can be in another player's world?
> 
> Any shuffled item can be in other players' worlds.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Redundant information

> ## What does another world's item look like in Mega Man Battle Network 3?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What does another world's item look like in Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga?
```
Wrong game from copy/paste

> Item will show up as a Golden Mushroom from boxes and digspots. All items from another world will show up as AP Item in all textboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items will show up as a Golden Mushroom from boxes and digspots and "AP Item" in all textboxes.
```
